README.markdown, before:

# Virtual Mouse using Hand Gestures

> This project implements a hand-gesture recognition system using OpenCV and Mediapipe library of Python, for controlling the keyboard and mouse input events pynput is used.
>
> A user can stimulate left, right, up, down and jump function in any game that have arrows for control.


---

## Project library dependencies  -

* ```openCV``` -(For image processing and drawing)
* ```mediapipe``` -(For Hand Tracking)
* ```numpy``` -(For Mouse Movement and positon)
* ```pyautogui``` -(For controlling the mouse movement and click)
* ```pynput``` -(For keys input)

> To install all the required dependencies/libraries use command below in the folder where the requirement.txt and other files are saved.

```bash
   pip install -r requirement.txt
```

---

## Installation

To setup the system for development on your local machine, please follow the instructions below:

1. Clone the repository to your machine

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Gokul9404/Virtual-Game-Controller.git
   ```

2. Run the ```main.py``` python file.

Commit message:

Added working demo in README

README.markdown, after:

# VR Game-Controller 

This project implements a hand-gesture recognition system using OpenCV and Mediapipe library of Python, for controlling the keyboard and mouse input events pynput is used.

A user can stimulate left, right, up, down and jump function in any game that have arrows for control.


---

## Project library dependencies  -

* ```openCV``` -(For image processing and drawing)
* ```mediapipe``` -(For Hand Tracking)
* ```numpy``` -(For Mouse Movement and positon)
* ```pyautogui``` -(For controlling the mouse movement and click)
* ```pynput``` -(For keys input)


---
## Working Demo
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71085729/201519512-d0fce66b-e866-453f-a100-ddc039d06887.gif" alt="Palm" width="640" height="400"><br>
Here, the user is playing [Space-Invaders](https://github.com/Gokul9404/Games-By-Python/tree/master/Space%20Invaders%20type-2) game using only the VR Controller.
<!-- ![Project_11-13_Full HD 1080p_MEDIUM_FR24 (1)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71085729/201519512-d0fce66b-e866-453f-a100-ddc039d06887.gif) -->


---

## Installation

To setup the system for development on your local machine, please follow the instructions below:

1. Clone the repository to your machine

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Gokul9404/Virtual-Game-Controller.git
   ```

2. To install all the required dependencies/libraries use command below in the folder where the requirement.txt and other files are saved.

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirement.txt
   ```

3. Change directory to the GitHub Repo till src folder.  Command may look like:
```cd C:\Users\.....\Gesture-Controlled-Virtual-Mouse```

4. Run the ```main.py``` python file.
